super-high is really equal an explosion
of color it's a cheese salad because of
set design that I worked on for hello
sunshine which the agency has not in
Paris and there were stock options that
designed where one of the prop materials
that we used was a cloud that rained a
rainbow through it and the southern one
had about probably 20 colors and started
it down sizing them there's anything
it's a matter of curation and find the
best colors that work with each other
we're very intrigued by the use of color
and color therapy and the idea of that
color can inspire happiness also with
the idea about the rainbow I think they
may pose something that has very
interesting mythical industry and we're
just very intrigued with the kind of
cultural reference and the the history
of a rainbow and so we wanted to create
something that was really a saturation
of color and if happiness it was a color
what would it be i Chara from my own
experiences when I was a child I love
things that are very pared down and very
simple and things that I can build and
move around and shape I think that we
helps a child play more creativity
to give the child it's very basic tools
to create the world whatever's in their
head versus dictating what it should do
to them and with this particular work
I've created almost three more pieces
big star golf
kind of painting the floor which they
can lift up and move around and kind of
join them to corresponding several drops
and so it's very simple I think it's
small for for the younger agents are we
kids from two three and four is that can
move things around with basic crawling
but helps them engage with color shapes
and basic design the whole idea of art
practice I think you just get that uh
you just you develop your skills you
develop your technique you develop your
confidence
I think color is something that I have
actually very recently been kind of
fascinated and obsessed with I think it
said it's a new thing to me that I'm
playing exploring with and straight into
color
this piece was commissioned for the
children's season and essentially is an
interactive artwork and without this
interaction actually there will be no
art book the audience would come in they
would have a blank canvas to work with
they'll have these chips to deposit in
the piece and as they could cause of the
chips they will see that work emerge so
they are truly the creators of this
original image in this book they get to
make and human beings are born to make
things and it's exciting to make
something new and see the results
immediately and find an interesting that
I'm involved in our education because it
is supremely important because first of
all it's creative and you're really
trying to you know change the children
in Singapore right now to be creative
individuals this piece is I think a good
example of that instead of giving them a
ready-made image that they have to deal
with and translate they actually get to
create their own image there's no right
or wrong so I think that's a good
platform where you know they can just
express themselves however they want to
and there are more and more artists and
there is definite support from the
institutions
you